Add documentation on package retraction (#3680)
dart-lang/site-www: src/tools/pub/publishing.md

`2.0.0` as the stable version of the package.

If all of the conditions at the beginning of this section are true,
then you can ignore the following warning from `dart pub publish`:

   *"Packages with an SDK constraint on a pre-release of the Dart SDK should
   themselves be published as a pre-release version. If this package needs Dart
   version 2.12.0-0, consider publishing the package as a pre-release
   instead."*

## Retracting a package version {#retract}

To prevent new package consumers from adopting a recently
published version of your package, you can retract that package version
within 7 days of publication.

> The retracted version can be restored again within 7 days of retraction.

Reviewer: @mit-mit to clarify if the the 7-day window keeps getting extended...or not.

Reviewer 2: @szakarias @jonasfj the question is: if a developer toggles between retracted or not, does that A) add 7 days to the window, or B) doesn't change the window; i.e. the window is always 7 days after publication ?

Reviewer 3: The window extends so that you always have 7 days to undo the retraction. But 7 days after publishing you can't flip it to retracted again.

A retracted package version isn't deleted. It appears in the version
listing of the package on pub.dev in the **Retracted versions** section. Also, the
detailed view of that package version has a **RETRACTED** badge.

Before retracting a package,
consider publishing a new version instead.

> Retracting a package causes churn and can have a negative impact on package users.

Reviewer 4: Maybe it's just me, but seeing "churn" here is a bit confusing and doesn't seem to add much. I'm not sure if it's necessary to have this portion of the statement or it could be clarified further. I'm fine with no changes here as well!

Author: Thanks for reading this through, good to hear that the description makes sense overall. 

I'll give it some thought to see if I can find a more clear phrasing instead of "churn", otherwise I might keep it as is. Thanks again.

> For example, if your package version contains a minor bug, then retraction is

Reviewer: I'd argue that the **best** example of when this should be used is a missing or overly weak dependency constraint that allows versions of SDKs or other packages that won't work. In this case, publishing a new version won't help because folks can still "solve" to the broken version with the too-loose constraints.

Reviewer 3: It actually says that for minor bugs, it's "probably not needed". And then later says: "if you pulish a major version, or a version with missing or wrong dependency constraints then retraction ...".

Should we start by stating the positive case, and focusing on the "too-loose constraints" problem.
(Missing dependency constraints is actually the extreme variant of that).

Reviewer 2: I like that idea. What would that edit look like?

Reviewer 2: Actually, I need this PR to land as the CVE I'm about to publish, so can we handle that re-write in a follow-up PR?

Reviewer 3: Filed in https://github.com/dart-lang/site-www/pull/3707

that's an uploader or verified publisher admin for the package. Then use the 
**Admin** tab of the individual package to select a version to retract or restore.  

If you are a package consumer and depend on a version that later gets retracted,
you can still use it as long as it is present in your `pubspec.lock` file. 
If you want to depend on a specific version that is already retracted you need 
to pin the version in the `dependency_overrides` section in the `pubspec.yaml` file. 
In any other case the retracted package version will not be taken into account by 
the version solver.

### When does it make sense to retract a package version?

Retracting a package causes churn and has a somewhat negativ impact on consumers. 
Hence, before retracting a version you should consider whether it is in fact the 
right course of action instead of just publishing a new version. For instance, 
if your package version contains a minor bug then retraction is probably not 
needed. On the other hand, if you accidentally published a major version or 
published a version with wrong or missing dependency constraints, then retration 
might be the right solution. 

> This feature is available from *Dart 2.15*.

Reviewer 3: Maybe, we need to clarify that this means Dart prior to 2.15 has no notion of retracted package versions and will use them regardless of whether or not they are in the `pubspec.lock`.

Reviewer 4: Just to verify, is this dependent on the user's Dart version or the pubspec's SDK constraint?

Reviewer 3: The retracted feature depends on the users Dart SDK version.

   version 2.12.0-0, consider publishing the package as a pre-release
   instead."*

## Rectracting a package version {#retract}

If you wish to prevent new package consumers from adopting a recently
published version of your package, you may **retract** that package version.   

A retracted package version is not deleted, it will still show up in the version 

> list of the package on pub.dev, in the "Retracted versions" section. Also, the 

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
listing of the package on pub.dev, in the "Retracted versions" section. Also, the 
```

Author: done

detailed view of that package version will have a clear **RETRACTED** badge.

A package version can only be retracted within 7 days of publication. 
The retracted version can be restored again within 7 days of retraction.
To retract or restore a package version, sign in to pub.dev using a Google Account
that's an uploader or verified publisher admin for the package. Then use the 
**Admin** tab of the individual package to select a version to retract or restore.  

If you are a package consumer and depend on a version that later gets retracted,
you can still use it as long as it is present in your `pubspec.lock` file. 
If you want to depend on a specific version that is already retracted you need 
to pin the version in the `dependency_overrides` section in the `pubspec.yaml` file. 
In any other case the retracted package version will not be taken into account by 
the version solver.

### When does it make sense to retract a package version?

> Retracting a package causes churn and has a somewhat negativ impact on consumers. 

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
Retracting a package causes churn and has a somewhat negative impact on consumers. 
```

Author: done

> Hence, before retracting a version you should consider whether it is in fact the 
> right course of action instead of just publishing a new version. For instance, 

Reviewer 5: Perhaps simplify the sentence a bit (and add a paragraph):
```suggestion
Hence, before retracting a version you should consider whether it would be better to just publish a new version.

For instance, 
```

Author: Done

> published a version with wrong or missing dependency constraints, then retration 

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
published a version with wrong or missing dependency constraints, then retraction 
```

Author: Done

might be the right solution. 

{{site.alert.version-note}}
  The `retracted` feature debuted in Dart 2.15. Prior to Dart 2.15, pub 

>   will disregard any retracted status, i.e. the version solver will consider

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
  will disregard the retracted status, i.e. the version solver will consider
```

Author: done

>   a retracted version as any other version.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
  a retracted version on par with any other version.
```

Author: Done
